If I could have my way,
I'd make sure you guys
never set foot in our place again.
Enough!
What did you just say?
I'll break up with him.
I will.
I'll end it with him,
so please stop.
Jin-a.
Enough, all of you.
Jun-hui.
Let's talk again another time.
Let's end it here.
We should break up.
- Jin-a.
- Jun-hui, stop.
- What do you think you're doing now?
- Jin-a!
- What do you think you're doing?
- Open the door.
- Move! What are you doing?
- Jin-a!
- What the hell are you doing?
- Let go.
- Open the door.
- Please stop.
- Let go of me!
What do they think they're doing
under my roof?
Jin-a.
Let go of me!
Open the door.
Jin-a.
Don't cry.
I'm okay, so don't cry.
I am...
- I'm sorry.
- No, don't be.
I made a mistake
because I had one too many drinks.
- Your father did nothing--
- Mr. Yoon.
About Jin-a...
Yes, I know. Don't worry.
- I'll get going.
- Okay.
Let go of me! I'm going to... My gosh.
What's wrong with you?
Let me talk to her.
Let go!
Jun-hui.
Why don't we listen to some music?
Would you like a cup of tea?
You should go.
Thanks for the ride.
I don't think I need to worry
about Jun-hui anymore.
He grew up to be a fine man.
He's very much like his mother.
That's the best thing I heard from you.
Don't hate me too much.
Life is too short for that.
If we ever see each other again,
let's greet each other happily.
Drive safely.
Did you call me by mistake?
No, I called you because I wanted to.
I'm ready to get scolded.
You'd better brace yourself.
Jin-a.
Hello?
What are you up to?
What do you think?
You're really angry, aren't you?
I'm not the one who's angry.
I get that you're mad,
and I know that you are frustrated
by the whole situation.
I totally understand.
I get it, but...
I miss you.
Wait for me. I'll be right there.
Open the door for me.
Jin-a.
Can I come in?
What kind of tea do you have?
I don't want to drink coffee.
I have some inside the cupboard.
I'm sorry.
I was enraged by what my mom said.
I just wanted to settle
that hectic situation.
I told you I understand that.
You are mad at me.
Even if things were difficult,
you shouldn't have said
that we should break up.
At that moment,
I was really irritated.
I get it. Fine.
You're not fine.
Should I really get mad at you?
Should I yell at you
and tell you how angry I was?
That's why I said I was sorry.
What was I supposed to do
after hearing what you said?
I didn't want to leave you there alone.
I was worried that you'd cry all night.
I couldn't even reach you.
Gosh.
Do you know how I felt just until now?
I do.
Sure you do.
I shouldn't have said what I said
no matter what.
It was my mistake. I won't do it again.
Don't try to end the conversation.
Then...
what do you want me to do?
Should I get on my knees
and beg for your forgiveness?
When people get angry,
they tend to say things they shouldn't.
It's not like
you don't make any mistakes.
At least not that kind of a mistake.
There are things you should never say.
How could you...
The water's boiling.
Can I go turn the heat off?
You can continue scolding me after then.
Since the water is boiling,
can we have ramyeon?
Why are you acting like this?
I'm too hungry.
I don't have the energy to get scolded.
Should I have ramyeon by myself?
I'm not going to share it with you.
Should I just leave?
I said I'm sorry.
I want to make it up to you,
but I don't know how.
That's why I'm being like this.
I'm trying to talk it out with you.
Why do you take it so lightly?
I don't take this lightly.
I'm the one at fault,
so I feel like me saying another word
would only make things worse.
And I could make another mistake.
Why did you lie down?
Because you might get angrier
and throw me out the door.
I'm never letting that happen.
Let this go while I'm still being nice.
One, two...
No ramyeon for you if you cry.
I want ramyeon.
Don't ever say that again.
Look at me.
Jin-a.
Yes?
Please be by my side
for the rest of my life.
You need some time to think about it?
That's disappointing.
Before that...
Yes?
You have to do something first.
- Hello.
- Did you sleep well?
- Yes.
- Are you done packing?
- Yes, I am.
- Okay.
Let's go. No, don't come in.
Stop frowning.
I'm going to use the restroom.
Okay.
Hello?
You promised me.
You promised that you'll send him off
without a frown on your face.
Okay.
If you don't keep your promise,
I'll just leave on my own.
Okay, I get it.
I'm watching you. Get your act together.
You are nothing like me.
I make dumb decisions
when it comes to women.
You can already tell from the fact
that I left your mom.
Hearing that now
doesn't console me at all.
I'm not trying to console you.
I'm just trying to say
that I feel relieved.
I'm relieved because you chose Jin-a.
Thank you.
I hope you stay healthy.
Call me from time to time.
I'm giving you a rare opportunity.
Then I shouldn't miss it.
Well then.
Would it be okay for me to hug you?
Don't forget to call me.
Have a safe trip back home.
Call me.
What? I did everything you told me to.
My goodness, good job.
What? It was a compliment.
Do you have a problem with that?
Do you have a problem?
- Oh, no.
- You're asking for it, aren't you?
No.
You got caught so easily.
I got you. Did you think
I wouldn't be able to catch you?
So what?
I get that you got to be a good son
thanks to Jin-a.
What do you expect me to do?
Should I go thank her or something?
I get that you're upset.
But we weren't any better than them.
I wouldn't have been surprised
if Dad had caused a bigger scene.
But what shocked me the most
was the way they think about us.
I finally got to see
how much they look down on us.
It was totally beyond my imagination.
It was...
It was worse than I expected.
She did cross the line.
But do you think it would've been
different with anyone else?
It's just a matter
of how obvious they make it.
Others would judge me in the same way
based on my background.
So what's your point?
Will you throw your pride away
because you think
the fact that you two love each other
is all that matters?
You expect me to accept that?
Gyeong-seon.
Stop acting frustrated.
Don't think that I'm stubborn
and unwilling to be understanding of you.
You know what? Never mind.
You don't even seem to care
about me anyway.
What's wrong with you?
That's what I want to ask you!
Gyeong-seon.
Don't even try to persuade me.
I don't care anymore.
I don't care about you either.
So do whatever you want.
Why are you cleaning at this hour?
Where's Mom?
In the bedroom.
Did you two fight?
What's that?
Just some laundry.
I'll do the laundry.
So you did fight.
Why did you fight with Dad?
What happened?
I don't know. Don't even ask.
Hey, wait.
Remember
when you said you thought
about committing suicide?
You said it was all because of me, right?
Why are you overreacting?
You forced me to leave Jin-a alone
by telling me that.
Okay, let's say I did.
So what's your point?
Do you think I did what I did
to ruin your lives?
What do you think my duty as a mother is?
I want the best for you guys,
and I'm only trying
to make your lives comfortable.
Gosh, what's wrong with you? What is it?
I'm just upset
because you guys don't seem to get
how I feel as a parent.
I raised you with so much care
and dedication,
but I can't believe
that this is what I get in return.
Did you have a fight with Jin-a, not Dad?
Did she cause trouble again?
It's actually for the best.
It doesn't matter what she did.
I'm just glad that they broke up.
She's breaking up with Jun-hui? When?
Do you guys set dates for stuff like that?
She said she'll break up with him.
They're still together.
What?
I was on the phone with Jun-hui
on my way home.
He was with Jin-a.
Then...
Then were they putting on a show?
My gosh.
My gosh, my head.
- My head's about to burst.
- Mom. Calm down.
- Calm down. Are you okay?
- My head...
- I need...
- What? What did you say?
I need an anxiety medication!
Okay. Just a second.
What's this?
It's a bankbook
for your installment savings account.
I saved everything you gave me.
Why are you giving me this?
Take it and leave.
If we keep living under the same roof,
we will only keep fighting
and hurting each other.
Must you take things this far?
You said I'm petty
and that I give you the creeps.
You know that's the kind of person I am.
There's no point in talking about this.
Let's just part ways
without making a fuss.
- Where are you going?
- The store.
I have some beer in my fridge.
Go home.
Gyeong-seon.
Gosh.
What do you want me to do?
Why are you saying that?
I'm sure you want something from me.
You've already done more
than I can ever repay you for.
Do you think
we would've been able to be judgmental...
if I got married to some asshole
from a rich a family
or a douchebag with a decent job?
Not everyone in the family
needs to be great.
Just one person is enough
to represent the family.
Look at Jin-a's family.
Her dad used to be an executive
at a large firm,
but that's in the past now.
The fact that Seung-ho's getting
his doctorate degree at KAIST
is her family's source of pride.
That's enough.
If I knew this was going to happen,
I should've stayed close
with Dad's second wife.
Her family owned so many buildings.
What do you want me to do?
Should I break up with Jin-a?
Is that what you want?
Go ahead and try.
I'm having a hard time as well.
It's not like I keep saying I'm okay
because I'm really okay.
I would've caused a scene already
if I didn't care about anything.
But that's not the case here.
That's how I feel.
It's not because I don't like Jin-a.
Regardless of how hard I try,
I really can't understand her parents.
That's why.
Gyeong-seon.
I know I'm asking for too much.
But can you just let things go
for my sake?
You're the reason
I can't help but get enraged at them.
I finally understand what it feels like
to have your heart torn apart.
That day, I felt like someone
was literally tearing my heart apart.
I'm too ashamed to see you,
so I'm just stalling.
I'll go see you soon.
I'm sorry, Gyeong-seon.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Ms. Yoon.
- Yes?
Well... The thing is...
I think we have a situation.
What? What do you mean?
Ms. Kang and Ms. Geum are...
- What?
- They're over there.
What did you say?
I'm not sure what's going on.
What is it? What's wrong?
That's what I want to ask.
I'm so disappointed in you.
Do you even have a conscience?
Look who's talking. You always say
we should fight for justice,
but you are all talk and no action!
How dare you criticize me!
- Why you little...
- What?
- Hey, stop it.
- Let go!
- Guys, calm down.
What's wrong with you two?
Stop acting like little kids.
What's going on?
At least tell me the reason!
Fine, I'll tell you.
I told the other female employees
that you are partly at fault
for the sexual harassment cases.
I told them that they shouldn't
risk their careers
by pretending to be victims like you do.
How could you say that?
As a woman yourself,
you should support her.
How could you try to brainwash them
when they're already scared?
You're even worse than a cult leader.
Do you know that?
- Hey!
- What?
- You little brat!
- Let go!
Can you all just quiet down?
Is that why you guys...
I'm... I'm sorry, Ms. Yoon.
We were so scared.
We heard there will be consequences
if we speak up and go public.
We were told that we'll only end up
getting fired after getting humiliated
- in front of everyone.
- Who told you that?
Is that what you heard
from the great Se-yeong?
My gosh.
I can't believe you guys.
The least you could do
was to keep it a secret.
Is this your way of looking out for me?
Is this your way of getting revenge?
If not, that means you're just a bitch.
You can decide what to do with your cases
after my case gets resolved.
Can you please help me out?
I'm already going through a lot.
They're all avoiding me.
I heard.
I feel like I've burdened you
by being too hasty with everything.
You can back out if you want to.
No.
I won't force you.
No, I'll do it.
How do you wish to proceed?
There are a few options.
Settling through mediation
or asking for a personal apology...
Disciplinary action
with the reason disclosed.
I just want the assailant to receive
the punishment he deserves.
Jin-a.
It might be a lot harder
than you are expecting it to be.
I know.
It may affect your career as well.
But I'll promise you one thing.
You won't be the only one getting hurt.
I can't believe this.
He dragged her to a karaoke bar
and made her dance with him.
How can that not be considered
sexual harassment?
Does justice really exist?
It's obvious.
"Why didn't she refuse his request?
Didn't she enjoy it too?"
They probably blamed the victim like that.
Those bastards.
What? What's going on? Who's a bastard?
It's nothing.
- Jun-hui.
- Yes?
Join the team on the trip
for the final planning meeting.
It'll not take more than a week.
You might actually get fired.
What? What's the problem now?
Nothing.
You wanted to talk.
You go first.
What's happening
with the problem at your work?
Why do you ask?
Well, I was curious
because you're involved in it.
Things will be put into motion soon.
You'll be okay, right?
No, I probably won't be okay.
But I can't avoid it,
so I should face it head-on.
Why are you asking about it
out of the blue?
Is it related to
what you wanted to talk to me about?
I have to go to China for about a week.
I see. I thought it was about
something else.
Don't worry about me.
You're just one of many supporters I have.
I'm relieved to hear that.
- Everything will go well.
- Yes.
Actually...
You sound all serious now.
What did you do this time?
I'm...
moving out.
I've decided to move out
and live on my own,
which means I'll have
complete freedom very soon.
For what reason?
Why do I need a reason?
It's actually late, considering my age.
Most of my friends live on their own.
Who brought it up first?
What?
Do your parents want you to move out?
I've been telling them
about wanting to move out for a long time,
- but when we were talking a while ago--
- Are they kicking you out?
What are you talking about?
It's not entirely because of you.
So partially, it is.
No.
Let's go.
You said you have to go back
to the office, right?
I'll take the subway.
It's okay.
I'll be fine.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Something's bothering you.
It makes me uncomfortable.
What does?
Why do you act like you're okay?
You're upset. Just let it out.
Go ahead and say
that you think my family is so judgmental.
You don't have to keep it all inside.
What difference would that make?
Then don't even show it.
What do you want me to do?
Everyone at work,
my family, and even you...
What do you all want from me?
What should I do?
I can only take so much.
There are so many times
when I just want to do as I please.
I'm sorry.
I was just a bit frustrated.
That's why...
I was sulking.
Sorry.
I said I'm sorry.
Jun-hui, you really are a fool.
I guess I am.
I'm still going to take the subway home.
I'll take you home.
Forget it.
Don't be mad at me.
What did you just say?
You want to kick Jin-a out?
I might end up disowning her if I have to
watch her in that mess for any longer.
How can you say that?
You know, you haven't been much of help.
Then what about you?
I'm speechless.
What did I do so wrong?
Let's talk later.
Nothing I've done was for myself.
It was all for their future.
I'll gladly be punished
if any of it was out of my personal greed.
I have something to tell you.
There's only one thing I want to hear.
I want you to--
I'll move out.
- Jin-a.
- I'm going to move out,
but give me some time.
I can't live out on the streets, you know.
I'm swamped with work.
I'll move out as soon as things die down.
Are you thinking
that this is the perfect chance
for you to move in with--
You're worried about that
when you're the one kicking me out?
Hey!
Don't say anything
about Jun-hui or Gyeong-seon
even if it's a compliment.
You don't even deserve
to talk about them, Mom.
You too, Dad.
Just leave them alone, please.
And regardless of whom I meet
and what kinds of relationships I have,
it's my life, not yours.
You can't intervene with my life
just because you're my parents.
I will not change my mind.
Dad, don't be against it.
I'm moving out because of Mom,
but I think it's a good opportunity.
I want to live on my own.
I think it's time
for me to be more independent.
REAL ESTATE
DAEGYO REALTY
The view from this window is pretty nice.
It's on the expensive side.
If I put down a bigger deposit,
does the monthly rent get cheaper?
The owner is not willing
to negotiate the rent.
- Let's go.
- Why? It's nice.
- It's too expensive.
- What?
It doesn't look that nice
because it's empty now,
but once you get the wallpaper redone
and move in furniture,
it'll be perfect for one person.
The rent is pretty good too.
It's just a half flight of stairs below.
Actually,
I don't think we need to see it.
Those were the best places I could find
within your budget.
You have to pick among them.
We'll take some time to think
and get in touch with you.
All right.
Thank you.
How can I ever find a place
if you say no to every one of them?
I have to stick to my budget.
I have no choice
even if the place isn't perfect.
If I start being picky,
the list would go on forever.
I do want to live in a clean, safe place
with easy access to public transportation,
but I have to pick a place
that I can afford.
It's impossible to find a place
that's perfect in every way.
Let's move in together.
You're crazy.
You've lost your mind.
- That hurts.
- You deserve that.
He asked you to move in with him,
and you called him crazy?
Jin-a, are you in your right mind?
What's wrong with moving in together?
That's not the problem.
I told my parents that I'll move out
because I want to be independent.
What will they think of me
if I end up moving into his place?
It would be better to just stay at home
even if I have to keep fighting
with my mom.
Still, you shouldn't have reacted
like that.
Wasn't he upset about that?
He didn't say anything.
He just dropped me off and left.
I bet a million won
on you getting dumped soon.
What? Shall I bet more?
Moving in with him
will only give my mom
another reason to disapprove of him.
Even if I tell her
that I was the one who begged him
to move in together, she won't believe me.
She'll just give Jun-hui a hard time
again.
Right, but do you think
Jun-hui doesn't know that?
Think about why he suggested you that
in the first place.
Do you think I don't know
where he's coming from?
I know, of course.
But I can't say yes to him
just to make my life easier.
My family isn't the only problem.
What about Gyeong-seon?
Gosh, no. I can't do it. I really can't.
Then what are you going to do?
Most apartments in high-rise buildings
are too expensive, right?
I can handle the rent
for the next little while,
but I'll run out of money soon.
I don't even know
until when I can keep my job here.
Because of what's going on now?
Just in general.
How much longer will we be able to work?
About ten years?
I'd be grateful if I can stay here
for another five years.
Let's not worry about that now.
You know,
if the company retaliates against you
in any way,
I definitely won't let it slide.
Then what are you going to do?
Well, I guess you and I
can be jobless together.
What? Goodness.
You are one loyal friend.
No matter what you decide to do,
you'll have my full support.
All right. Thanks a lot.
We'll both be jobless.
Come in and have a seat.
I briefly heard about everything
from Ms. Jeong.
Don't you think it'll get out of hand?
I'm not sure exactly what aspect of it
you're referring to.
Well, you know.
It may affect the office morale.
And not everyone thinks the same.
Considering everything,
how about we deal with it quietly?
I guess Ms. Jeong
didn't tell you everything.
I told her that I want disciplinary action
with the reason clearly disclosed.
Are you sure
you'll be able to handle the consequences?
What about you, sir?
Legally,
in cases of workplace sexual harassment,
the employer must request
the assailant to--
It's written as "the accused."
Right.
But I want to refer to them
as "assailant."
The employer must reprimand
or take another disciplinary measure
against the assailant.
From what I know, a fine will be imposed
if you don't comply.
I guess it depends
on the size of the company,
but I was disappointed to find out
that the amount of fine isn't that much,
and it also worries me a little.
Are you saying that you'll not sit idly by
if I just pay the fine
and do nothing else?
Since we're on the topic,
what else do I need to know?
If the victim of the sexual harassment
gets terminated or receives
unfair treatment of any kind,
the employer can receive a prison sentence
or be subject to a bigger fine.
You two sure did a lot of research.
Goodness.
I'm all dazed
from getting punched from both sides.
It doesn't seem like the two of you
remember what happened,
so I want to help you
write your statements.
My goodness.
MR. NAM: IT'D BE A GOOD IDEA
TO USE YOON JIN-A TO BREAK THE ICE
MR. NAM: YOU'RE SO CUTE.
COME TO MY OFFICE.
MR. NAM: THE COLOR OF YOUR LIPSTICK
IS VERY SEXY
What are you doing, Ms. Jeong?
What's this? What is this about?
How disrespectful.
What the... My gosh.
Jeong Yeong-in.
Who do you think you are?
How dare you act up like this?
I guess I've been too easy on you!
You don't know what I can do, do you?
Ms. Jeong, I feel wronged.
I'll take my own life right here
if I had any bad intentions
behind what I did.
All I did was follow Mr. Nam's order--
What did you just say?
- Hey.
- Gosh.
Did I tell you to grope Yoon Jin-a?
You told me to use her!
Show some respect, will you?
Then you should've behaved yourself.
- Let go of me. Ms. Jeong, he's--
- Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Gosh, you two are just hopeless.
How are you going to handle this issue?
Well, that's...
What did I even do...
Gosh, I just can't believe this.
You see, to tell you the truth--
You feel that you're being
falsely accused.
That's right.
All employees are interested
in this matter and how it'll all pan out,
so I do have to do something about it
as an employer.
I think I'll have to set up
a fact-finding committee first, but--
A fact-finding committee?
I've never done anything
that I'm ashamed of.
If you keep accusing me...
Fine.
Let's take it to court.
Whether it takes a year or longer,
I don't care.
I've worked so hard to build...
What's the word?
Honor. I'm a man of honor.
Come in.
Don't wait until the committee is set up
because there will be no way out then.
Be it a plan to fight back
or an explanation, come up with something.
Help him out, Mr. Choi.
Okay. I will, sir.
Well... That's...
not really necessary.
I can't let this issue affect our family.
What I'm saying is, I'm not trying to help
because you did nothing wrong.
Hello.
Oh, hey. Have a seat.
I'm sorry I called you out of the blue.
I hope it didn't throw you off.
Well, I was a little surprised.
I see. Well...
This is what I think.
I'm so grateful
that you came here to meet with me.
I'm expecting a positive outcome.
I'm saying this because...
You need to move forward
in your career, you know.
Right? Don't you agree?
I think this will be a great opportunity
for you to do just that.
All executives, including Mr. Nam
as well as your superiors like me,
are very much...
Well, through this,
we'll put more effort into
finding a way to help you
grow further within the company.
We'll try to think of ways
we can support you.
Right, but what if this affects
Ms. Yoon negatively...
I'm a bit worried about that.
I see you two chatting away.
- Mr. Choi...
- No, it's all right.
I came to buy you some good food.
Thanks. Well, what were you talking about?
You must be extremely flustered
and confused right now.
I know that.
The reason why
I'm saying this to you is...
It's not just about
what will benefit the company.
I'm also worried about what could happen
to you at work in the future.
- That's where I'm coming from.
- I understand.
Mr. Choi, I would...
appreciate it if you could
give me some time to think about it.
But I suggest you don't take too long.
I think--
- Okay. I'm sorry, but...
- Great. And--
I have to leave for a meeting.
I'll let you know of my decision soon.
- All right. Think about what I said.
- I will get back to you.
By the way, you barely ate anything.
No, I ate a lot. Thank you.
Well, this is... All right. But...
You should have more...
Mr. Nam.
Here.
You obviously drank
more than just a little bit.
Who did you drink with?
You drank alone, didn't you?
You should've called me.
Were you too angry at me to call me?
Jun-hui.
I don't need anything else.
You're all I need, Jun-hui.
I get scared whenever you say
you want to talk.
With what are you going to
give me a headache this time?
I want to go work at the US branch again.
As soon as possible.
You were there before, so you'd know.
It'll be at least for three years.
The longer, the better.
What's the reason?
Are you running away from something?
You could say that.
My gosh.
You didn't even want to go to China
for a week because of your girlfriend.
I intend to go with her.
It's clean.
It's perfect
for a single-person household.
Someone else also saw this place
this morning.
The client liked it very much
and wanted to sign
a provisional agreement.
There's some time left for you to decide.
I'll take this place.
Have you ever thought about quitting work?
You want to run away?
What are you guys planning to do?
Haven't you had enough fun
pretending to be the victim?
He's considering suing you for defamation.
Will you be satisfied
once you bring the whole company down?
Stop going over the line.
It's not that I feel pressured. I want to.
I want to do everything I can.
Do I look pretty?
Those people who expect us
to give up on our own...
I can't stand it anymore.
Are you sure you can go to the States?
Mom said she won't let Jun-hui
set foot in this house.
What am I to do when I miss him?
I should go see him.
Let's leave
together.
Subtitle translation by Lee Ja-won